freeIPE v0.003

freeIPE aims to be a free Integrated Productivity Environment.

What I am aiming for with freeIPE is a big set of productivity tools (borrowed or new) that all share the same data.

The GUI was built with Intel's RIB, Rapid Interface Builder (https://01.org/rib/). Intel has licensed RIB under Apache Software License v.2.0 which is GPL compatible. I chose jQuery Mobile for the interface in an attempt to reach the most possible users.

The first tool I chose to implement is a task list. The Todos example program appears to fall under the MIT license along with its parent project, Backbone.js (http://backbonejs.org). I have converted Todos to jQuery Mobile to blend with the rest of freeIPE.

My goal is to study Todos, thereby gaining an introduction to the Backbone.js structured programming methodology. I think the model, collections, and views approach will allow my code to be easier to read and extend while using a RESTful JSON interface. Honestly, JSON sounds more appealing than DOM traversal. This might make my existing XML schema useless for right now, but I do plan on rewriting freeIPE in C or C++ for a desktop version eventually. Maybe the schema will come in handy then. 

My ultimate goal for freeIPE is to have something for everyone to use, professionally or personally. This means children and grandparents, too. I would like users to have customized sharing of data with other users. I would like to be able to synchronize data over LAN or bluetooth, rather than being forced to use a commercial (and often proprietary) website.

TODO: Add user support.

TODO: Add more tools.

CHANGELOG:

2012-12-27 Nick Warner
	* todos.html: fixed or disabled all of the broken features of Todos after switch to jQuery Mobile
	* freeIPE: updated readme and released latest stable version

2012-12-24 Nick Warner
	* freeIPE: set up Git for the project and performed initial commit

2012-12-23 Nick Warner
	* todos.html: Changed Todos styling from todos.css to jQuery Mobile CSS
	* index.html, todos.html: Changed script tags for jQuery Mobile to point to local files rather than the remote server, which hopefully sped things up

https://sourceforge.net/projects/freeipe/

License information (GPL) for freeIPE can be found inside the COPYING file.

Any advice, constructive criticism, or ridicule would be greatly appreciated. I could use any feedback to make the program better.

Nicholas D. Warner
BS IT
nick@dsgfloss.net
